# Node-JS-GPT
Simple integration of chat GPT using node js

To initialize the node.js project, run the below command which creates a package.json file to keep track of project details
npm init -y

Retrieving the OPENAI API Key
To use the API, we need to generate the API keys.

A. For that, go to OpenAI and either sign up or login (if you already have an account).
B. Then click on the API option
C. On the top right corner, click on the logo representing the logged-in user and select ‘View API keys’
D. Click on the ‘Create new secret key’ button. It will open up a dialog box asking for the name of the key which is optional. After you are done, click ‘Create secret key’.
E. A dialog box will appear displaying your secret key/API key. Copy it and ‘done’. Save the key safely and do not share it with anyone.

After obtaining the API key, let’s now get back to the main thing.

Install the openai library which provides easy access to OpenAI API in NodeJS projects and the readline-sync library to read user input from the command line.

npm i openai readline-sync dotenv

Create a new file to create an environment variable for storing the API key

touch .env
In the file, create a variable OPENAI_SECRET_KEY and replace "YOUR OPEN AI API KEY" with your API key (keeping the quotes)

OPENAI_SECRET_KEY="YOUR OPEN AI API KEY"

Create a javascript file say, index.js, and paste the below code inside it.

To run the app, run the below command in terminal

node index.js

The above code takes the input prompt through the command line and prints the response generated by the ChatGPT model. Then it asks if we want to continue the conversation. Typing “Y” allows us to enter the prompt again while “N” terminates the program.
